Adding groups documentation (#32)
ElixirTeSS/docs: TeSS_docs/spaces/intro-spaces.md

This new feature is possible thanks to the [mTeSS-X project](../overview/mtess-x). Catalogues are pooled into a shared instance but look to their community as if they have their own catalogue with their own identity.

> There are two types of spaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of spaces, depending on the configuration of the TeSS instance:
```

> - **public space**: its resources are accessible from the outside (visible in the main catalogue with a special toggle). Anyone, logged in or not, can access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **public space** (default): its resources are visible to everybody viewing the space (and visible in the main catalogue with a filter). You do not have to be logged in.
```

> - **private space**: its resources are not visible outside the space (even with the toggle in the main catalogue to see resources from other spaces). A private space requires being in at least one of a defined list of groups to have access to it (the list can be one or more groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **private space**: its resources are not visible outside the space (even with the filter in the main catalogue to see resources from other spaces). A private space requires the user to be associated with a relevant group. You have to be logged in.
```
I don't think we need the detail of multiple groups/lists here.
